Version bump to 0.9.0 (#45)
Shopify/verdict: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.9.0
**This version has breaking changes**

> * Eagerly load the `discovery` method so that multi-threaded applications do not face a race-condition when populating experiments.

Reviewer: what do you think of?
```suggestion
* Eagerly load experiment definitions when booting rails, so that multi-threaded applications do not face a race-condition when populating experiments.
```
